feat: add information on multiple VPCs. (#3585)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/vpc.md

# Secure your $CLOUD_LONG services with VPC Peering and AWS PrivateLink

> You use Virtual Private Cloud ($VPC) peering to ensure that your $SERVICE_LONG are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use Virtual Private Cloud ($VPC) peering to ensure that your $SERVICE_LONGs are 
```

$CLOUD_LONG is:

![$CLOUD_LONG isolation architecture](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tsc-vpc-architecture.svg)

Your customer apps run inside your AWS Customer VPC, your $CLOUD_LONG services always run 
inside the secure $CLOUD_LONG $VPC. You control secure communication between apps in
your VPC and your $SERVICE_SHORTs using a dedicated Peering $VPC. The AWS PrivateLink connecting
$CLOUD_LONG $VPC to the dedicated Peering $VPC gives the same level of protection as using a direct 
AWS PrivateLink connection. It only enables communication to be initiated from your Customer $VPC 
to services running in the $CLOUD_LONG $VPC. $CLOUD_LONG cannot initiate communication with your $VPC.

To configure this secure connection, you first create the $CLOUD_LONG Peering $VPC with 
AWS PrivateLink in $CONSOLE. After you have accepted and configured the 
peering connection to your Customer $VPC, you use AWS Security Groups to 
restrict the services in your Customer $VPC that are visible to the Peering $VPC.
The last step is to attach individual services to the Peering $VPC. 

* You define each $CLOUD_LONG $VPC on a [$CLOUD_LONG project level][project-members]. 
* You can attach:

>   * Any number of Customer $VPCs to a $CLOUD_LONG $VPC.

Reviewer 2: The max is 50 (AWS max number of VPC peerings)

  * A $SERVICE_LONG to a single $CLOUD_LONG $VPC at a time.
  

>       The $SERVICE_SHORT and $VPC must be in the same AWS region. To support multiple AWS regions, you need multiple 

Reviewer 2: This is not 100% true: Even if the customer creates more Timescale VPCs in different regions, the service still is in a given region, and they won't be able to attach it to a VPC in a different region.
I would change it to: The service and Timescale VPC must be in the same AWS region, but you can peer a Customer VPC and Timescale VPC that are in different regions.  
(Please, rephrase as desired).

restrict the services in your Customer VPC that are visible to the Peering VPC.
The last step is to attach individual services to the Peering VPC. 

* You define each $CLOUD_LONG $VPC on a [$CLOUD_LONG project level][project-members]. 
* You can attach:
  * Any number of Customer $VPCs to a $CLOUD_LONG $VPC.
  * A $SERVICE_LONG to a single $CLOUD_LONG $VPC at a time.
  
      The $SERVICE_SHORT and $VPC must be in the same AWS region. To support multiple AWS regions, you need multiple 
      $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs.
  * Multiple $SERVICE_LONGs to the same $CLOUD_LONG $VPC.
* You cannot attach a $SERVICE_LONG to multiple $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs at the same time.

> The number of $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs you have in your project depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs you can create in your project depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans]. 
```

1.  In [$CONSOLE > VPC][console-vpc], click `New VPC`.

>     ![$CLOUD_LONG new $VPC](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/console-add-vpc.png)

Reviewer: Don't think variables will work in the alt tag

Author: They do :-).

    * You can attach:

>       * Any number of Customer $VPCs to a $CLOUD_LONG $VPC.

Reviewer 2: same as above

      * A $SERVICE_LONG to a single $CLOUD_LONG $VPC at a time.

>         The $SERVICE_SHORT and $VPC must be in the same AWS region. To support multiple AWS regions, you need multiple

Reviewer 2: same as above

        $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs.
      * Multiple $SERVICE_LONGs to the same $CLOUD_LONG $VPC.
      * You cannot attach a $SERVICE_LONG to multiple $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs at the same time.

>     The number of $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs you have in your project depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The number of $CLOUD_LONG $VPCs you can create in your project depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans].
```
